What is the life expectancy of a cat?
What is the heartrate of a giraffe in bpm?
What is the highest observed life span of a tiger?
What was the height of a mammoth?
What is the parent taxon of Teuthida (squids)?
What is the height of an elephant?
What is the gestation period of a LLama?
What is the flower color of Helianthus annuus?
What is the taxon name of the black mamba?
What is the means of locomotion of Stomatopoda (mantis shrimp)?
What is the maximum wingspan of a bat?
What is the opposite of a perennial plant?
What is the typical heart rate of a chicken?
What is the life expectancy of a house cat?
What is the average heart rate of a giraffe?
What is the average litter size of a jaguar?
What is the diel cycle of a polar bear?
What is the mass of an adult male lion?
What is the life expectancy of a polar bear?
What is the main food source of an eagle?
What is the gestation period of a grey seal?
What is the bite force quotient of a dingo?
What is the range of a dog's hearing?
What is the incubation period of an egg of a European Turtle Dove?
What is the color of a banana?
What is the color of a lychee?
What is the existance of the goat species?
What is the heart rate of a horse?
What is the life expectancy of a cat?
What is the study of horses called?
What is the country of origin of a Shetland pony?
What was the medicinal plant of the year five years ago?
What is the gestation period of an Asian elephant?
What is the use of cilantro (coriandrum sativum)?
What is the life expectancy of a cat?
What is the mass of a giraffe?
What is the life expectancy of a cat?
What is the scientific name of a daisy?
What is the study of trees called?
What is the highest observed lifespan of a tiger?
What is the life expectancy of a sloth?
What is the wingspan of a Canadian goose?
What is the color of a banana?
What is the oldest observed lifespan of a common baobab?
What is the average heart rate of a dog at rest?
What is the weight of an adult giraffe heart?
What is the average lifespan of a North American Beaver?
What is the gestation period of the giant panda?
What is the study of fish called?
What is the original name of the sunflower?
What is the taxon rank of panda?
What is the IUCN conservation status of a jaguar?
What is the study of dogs called?
What is the bite force quotient of a cat?
What is the taxon rank of birch?
What is the carbon footprint of the avocado fruit?
What is the name of Talkeetnas honorary mayor who was also a cat?
What is the life expectancy of a polar bear?
What is the parent taxon of the macaque family?
What is the type of locomotion of penguins?
What is the hearing freqeuncy range of a dog?
What is the name of food panda eats in slovak?
What is the parent taxon of the Rosa Genus?
What is the taxon name of the Great White Shark?
What is the taxon name of the Red Panda?
What is the highest observed lifespan of the Giant Panda?
What is the litter size of a Newfoundland dog?
What is the life expectancy of a Guinea Pig?
What is the gestation period of an African Bush elephant?
What is the oppisite of a perennial plant?
What is the taxon name of a dandelion?
What is the conservation status of a leopard?
What is the name of the field that studies plants?
What is the formal name of the red panda taxon?
Who is the author of the Myosotis taxon name?
What is the highest observed lifespan of alpacas?
What is the taxon common name of the flower ranunculus?
What is the synonym of camellia?
What is the name of a shark in taxonomy?
What is the maximum frequency of sound a cat can hear?
What is the full name of a cactus?
What is the size of an elephant?
What is the name of the study that studies horses?
What is the average life expectancy of a cat?
What is the maximum frequency of audible sound a cat can hear?
What is the highest observed lifespan of a hippopotamus?
What is the status of ostriches when it comes to IUCM conservation status?
What is the mass of an female adult ostrich?
What is the common category of fruit?
What is the taxonomic type of Berberis?
What is the produced type of sound by lions?
What was the main use of dromedary by humans?
What is the life expectancy of cats?
What is the heartrate of a cat?
What is the carbon footprint of broccoli?
What is the taxon name of the tiger?
What is the life expectancy of a cat?
What is frequency range of audible sound made by bats?
What is the life expectancy of a goat?
What is the Dutch name of a Dandelion?
What is the heart rate of a giraffe?
What is the average heartrate of a chicken?
What is the more common english name of the Pinus longaeva?
What is the definition of a plant?
What is the definition of an animal?
What is the taxon name of the species tiger?
What is the gestation period of a tiger?
What is the taxon name of a sunflower?
What is the gestation period of a polar bear?
What is the average life span of a polar bear?
What is the sound of an eagle called?
What is the height in meters of the tallest tree in the world?
What is the species name of the kodiak bear?
What is the study of dogs called?
What is the minimum weight of a Siamese cat?
What is the wingspan of a Macaroni Penguin?
What is the proper name of a blob fish?
What is the IUCN conservation status of a venus flytrap?
What is the eye color of a siamese cat?
What is the fruit type of tulip?
What is the use of flowers?
What is the IUCN conservation status of the blue whale?
What is the use of leaves?
What is the top speed of a cheetah?
What is the heart rate of a giraffe?
What is the wingspan of a raven?
What is the average height of a giraffe?
What is the conservation status of the Atlantic salmon?
What is the highest observed lifespan of a mongoose?
What is the habitat of an ivy?
What is the heart rate of a horse?
What is the fruit type of a coconut tree?
What is the conservation status of the axolotl?
What is the native country of the yellow-bellied slider?
What is the study of algea called?